DEVELOPMENT_BRANCH_INFO.md, before:

# Development Branch Information

## Branch Details
- **Branch Name:** `development`
- **Version:** 3.0
- **Location:** `/script/cursor/TechCafeBooking-Copilot`
- **Status:** Active development branch

## What's Different from Main (v2.2)

### Major Changes in Development Branch:
1. **CSS Extraction** - All CSS has been moved from `index.html` to separate files:
   - `static/css/main.css` - Main styles
   - `static/css/time-slots.css` - Time slot specific styles
   - `static/css/modals.css` - Modal dialog styles
   - `static/css/footer.css` - Footer styles
   - `static/css/responsive.css` - Responsive design styles

2. **Font Management** - Local font files added:
   - Inter font family (Regular, Medium, SemiBold, Bold)
   - Font Awesome icons (local copies)

3. **File Structure** - New organization:
   - `static/` directory with CSS and font files
   - `templates_backup/` for safety backups
   - `app_backup.py` for code safety

4. **Version Management** - Updated to 3.0:
   - `APP_VERSION = "3.0"` in templates/index.html
   - Version display shows "Version 3.0" in admin page

## Branch Strategy

### Main Branch (v2.2)
- **Purpose:** Stable, production-ready code
- **Version:** 2.2
- **Location:** `/script/cursor/TechCafeBooking`
- **Status:** Production use

### Development Branch (v3.0)
- **Purpose:** Major changes and improvements
- **Version:** 3.0
- **Location:** `/script/cursor/TechCafeBooking-Copilot`
- **Status:** Active development

## Switching Between Branches

### To work on Development (v3.0):
```bash
cd /script/cursor/TechCafeBooking-Copilot
git checkout development
```

### To work on Main (v2.2):
```bash
cd /script/cursor/TechCafeBooking
git checkout main
```

## Next Steps
1. Continue development on the `development` branch
2. Test all functionality with extracted CSS
3. When ready, merge back to main branch
4. Update version numbers as needed

## Notes
- Both branches are independent
- Development branch has all the latest changes
- Main branch remains stable for production use
- Version 3.0 represents the major architectural change (CSS extraction)

Commit message:

Version 3.1: Port change from 5001 to 5000 and version increment
- Changed Flask app port from 5001 to 5000 in app.py
- Updated APP_VERSION from 3.0 to 3.1 in templates/index.html
- Updated version display from 3.0 to 3.1 in templates/admin.html
- Updated DEVELOPMENT_BRANCH_INFO.md to reflect version 3.1
- All version references now point to 3.1

DEVELOPMENT_BRANCH_INFO.md, after:

# Development Branch Information

## Branch Details
- **Branch Name:** `development`
- **Version:** 3.1
- **Location:** `/script/cursor/TechCafeBooking-Copilot`
- **Status:** Active development branch

## What's Different from Main (v2.2)

### Major Changes in Development Branch:
1. **CSS Extraction** - All CSS has been moved from `index.html` to separate files:
   - `static/css/main.css` - Main styles
   - `static/css/time-slots.css` - Time slot specific styles
   - `static/css/modals.css` - Modal dialog styles
   - `static/css/footer.css` - Footer styles
   - `static/css/responsive.css` - Responsive design styles

2. **Font Management** - Local font files added:
   - Inter font family (Regular, Medium, SemiBold, Bold)
   - Font Awesome icons (local copies)

3. **File Structure** - New organization:
   - `static/` directory with CSS and font files
   - `templates_backup/` for safety backups
   - `app_backup.py` for code safety

4. **Version Management** - Updated to 3.1:
   - `APP_VERSION = "3.1"` in templates/index.html
   - Version display shows "Version 3.1" in admin page

## Branch Strategy

### Main Branch (v2.2)
- **Purpose:** Stable, production-ready code
- **Version:** 2.2
- **Location:** `/script/cursor/TechCafeBooking`
- **Status:** Production use

### Development Branch (v3.1)
- **Purpose:** Major changes and improvements
- **Version:** 3.1
- **Location:** `/script/cursor/TechCafeBooking-Copilot`
- **Status:** Active development

## Switching Between Branches

### To work on Development (v3.1):
```bash
cd /script/cursor/TechCafeBooking-Copilot
git checkout development
```

### To work on Main (v2.2):
```bash
cd /script/cursor/TechCafeBooking
git checkout main
```

## Next Steps
1. Continue development on the `development` branch
2. Test all functionality with extracted CSS
3. When ready, merge back to main branch
4. Update version numbers as needed

## Notes
- Both branches are independent
- Development branch has all the latest changes
- Main branch remains stable for production use
- Version 3.1 includes port change from 5001 to 5000 and version increment
